Join builders from across the world to create the next wave of industry defining applications onchain

What are Base Batches?
Enter a Base Batch Buildathon → Earn an incubator placement → Present on Demo Day
image
We’re kicking off Base Batches, a global builder program that is bringing the next generation of builders from across the world to create industry defining applications onchain.

This is your chance to get noticed, get funded, and get the support you need post-buildathon to bring your idea to market.

Base Batches three part program consists of buildathon activations, incubator placements, and a season-ending Demo Day.

Over 50 teams and individuals that join our inaugural Base Batches Global Buildathon will be directly placed into incubator programs and invited to our season-ending Demo Day.

image

Supporters
This buildathon is supported by Aerodrome, Farcaster, Uniswap Foundation, Ohara AI, MXNE, Transfero, and Virtuals Protocol.
image

Base Batch #001 Demo Day
Top teams from this program will be invited to join Demo Day this summer to pitch on a public stage to top judges from across Coinbase, Base and our partners for a share of up to $1,000,000 in funding.

image

THE PROMPT
Simple. Build the next killer onchain app.

image

TRACKS
We are going to select a minimum of 1-2 teams from each of the following tracks:

AI - Build an AI agent on Base that can perform useful onchain actions using AgentKit and other Coinbase developer platform tools.
Stablecoins - Develop an application that leverages Base's growing network of onchain currency stablecoins. Use cases can include: Personal Finance, Merchant Acceptance, DeFi, Business Applications and Cross Border Payments.
Mini-apps - Use MiniKit to build a mini app that is distributed directly in the feed and leverages the social graph in unique ways.
Entertainment - Create a consumer-facing app including in gaming, media, entertainment or whatever innovative idea you can dream up
Showcase - Bring an existing app built before the buildathon, build a new feature and get judged on your entire submission.
Vibe Coding - Vibe-code the next viral app on Base using Ohara.
DeFi - Redefine the boundaries of onchain DeFi infrastructure with Uniswap v4 hooks. Unlock custom liquidity logic, dynamic fees, rehypothecation, stablecoin-optimized pools, and beyond. Build it to be composable and easy to integrate.

Note: Teams can only win a single track.

image

WHY PARTICIPATE?
Join fellow builders in your region and dream up the next killer app and get the feedback, distribution, and the funding needed to take your build to the next level. Each region will have a prize pool of up to 7.5 ETH with 5 to 10+ winners selected from each region.

The top team from each track gets:

Rewards: 1 ETH from Base.
Incubator Placement: Each winning team will be placed into an incubator program.
Demo Day Invitation: Teams will be invited to Demo Day this summer with up to $1m in funding.
Marketing & Distribution: All winners will be featured on Base social channels (X, Warpcast) plus get a global stage to present during Demo Day.
Network: Connections with some of the most prolific Base builders in your region, with direct access to the Base team.
image

HOW IT WORKS
In order to be eligible, the projects must follow the below rules:

Must submit one project per team.
Must include a functioning onchain app at a publicly accessible URL.
Must include an open-source GitHub repository for all source code in the app (showcase track submissions can have closed source code).
Must include a video, with a minimum length of 1 minute (Intro, Demo, Problem Statement, Solution, Architecture Overview) .
Integrating Basenames and Smart Wallet is strongly recommended; they make it easy for anyone to get onchain.
Must submit proof of deployment and 1+ transactions on Base mainnet.
Apps built before the Buildathon are eligible for submission, but must clearly delineate what new feature or product was built during the Buildathon.
Only For Projects Submitted To The Vibe Coding Track: Must submit a 10-page pitch deck alongside the prototype they vibe-coded. Submissions will be judged on a combination of the quality of the prototype, the idea, the GTM plan, and the team.
image

EVALUATION CRITERIA
Onchain: Built on Base.
Technicality: Functions as pitched.
Originality: Innovation / originality to solve problems.
Practicality: Usable and accessible by anyone.
Aesthetics: Intuitive, easy-to-navigate.
Wow Factor: Remarkable impact within time frame
image

BUILDER RESOURCES
Getting Started on Base
Base Documentation
Basenames (OnchainKit, Wagmi)
Coinbase Developer Platform
Faucets (CDP, thirdweb)
OnchainKit
Smart Wallet
image

Additional resources can be found by visiting base.org/builders

image

Disclaimer
By using our services, you acknowledge and agree that all IP addresses and Ethereum wallet addresses are subject to screening against U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) lists. By accessing our services, you attest that you are not subject to any sanctions and are not on any OFAC lists, and we reserve the right to block transactions or interactions involving individuals, entities, or countries that are subject to U.S. sanctions.